# JSpy project

## Dev Env Features

- [x] Webpack to bundle FE
- [x] Local Server
- [x] Source Maps
- [x] Live reload
- [x] Development/Production environments
- [x] Concatenation and minification on production
- [x] ES2015
- [x] CSS-preprocessor (SASS)
- [x] Autoprefixer
- [x] Static code analysis (ESLint)
- [x] Unit tests, TDD
- [x] Test Coverage
- [x] Git hooks: Lint rules, tests and coverage
- [ ] Webpack to bundle BE
- [ ] Watch and reload BE (PM2)
- [ ] Configure `WebpackDevServer` to be able to use `browserHistory` in `react-router`

## App TODO list

- [x] Give app the coolest name ever -> JSpy
- [x] [BE] Create a new game
- [x] [BE] Connect to created game
- [x] [BE] Update `game.status` on 'start game'
- [x] [BE] Randomly pick 10 locations and set 1 to `game.location`
- [x] [BE] Randomly choose a spy
- [ ] [BE] Start timer on 'start game'
- [ ] [BE] Emit 'game started' with updated game data
- [ ] [BE] To be continued ...

- [x] [FE] Add router
- [x] [FE] 'start-game' page styling
- [x] [FE] 'new-game' page styling
- [x] [FE] 'connect-to-game' page styling
- [x] [FE] 'game' page styling
- [x] [FE] 'game/locations' page styling
- [ ] [FE] 'game/vote-for-spy' page styling
- [ ] [FE] 'game/choose-location' page styling
- [ ] [FE] To be continued ...

## Known issues
- [ ] Player socket is not added to game room after get game-status

## FE
See whole flow [here](https://git.epam.com/Yelyzaveta_Buts/mp/wikis/app-architecture#game-flow).
- On application start App component get game status (API call, see gameActions.js). If there is a game object in response, user will be redirected to `/game` page. If there is no game - to `start-game`.
- StartGame component (see StartGame.js) has Text Input for username with validation (required) on type with debounce 200ms.
- There are also two buttons on `start-game` page. 'New Game' button will dispatch `newGame` action, which saves current username in state(see playersReducer.js) and emmits `new-game` to socket, on `game-created` received from socket gameReducer will save game object in state. After that user will be redirected to `new-game` page.
- NewGame component(NewGame.js) has a header that shows current username and gameId stored in state.
- Second button 'Connect to Game' on `start-game` page will redirect user to `connect-to-game` page (ConnectToGame.js). There is a TextInput here with validation (checks if game id was generated by shortid library and is valid) on type with debounce 200ms. User should enter valid gameId and tap on 'Connect to Game'. connectToGame action will emmit `connect-to-game` event to socket with username and gameId (see gameActions.js).

```bash
$ npm start
```

## BE

Client and Server interact through web-sockets, which share session with Express. There is only one API `/game-status` which is needed to check if player is already added to a game. On server start db is checked to have some locations added, locations are populated from `seed/location.js` if needed.
See whole flow [here](https://git.epam.com/Yelyzaveta_Buts/mp/wikis/app-architecture#game-flow).

```bash
$ npm run start:server
```

## SASS

To import `.sass` file add `import './filename.scss';` to your `js` file

## ESLint

Style Guide based on [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

Except few changes:

* indent: 4 spaces

## Unit tests

[Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) is used for unit testing.

To run all tests one time, run:
```bash
$ npm test
```

To get coverage, run:

```bash
$ npm test -- --coverage
```

To run all tests in TDD mode, run:
```bash
$ npm test -- --watch

# With coverage

$ npm test --  --coverage --watch
```

Then press `a` to run all tests or `o` to only run tests related to changed files. Just follow the instructions.

### Coverage

Coverage should be more than `80%`.
